[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital typing, beeping]
LYOKO MINUS ONE
[up-tempo rock music playing]
Odd, will you kill that dumb alarm?
Odd!
-[Kiwi whimpers]
-[grunts]
Here are the photocopies
you asked me for, Odd.
You wanted 31, is that right?
That's right, 31, thank you.
Rise and shine, Einstein.
The birds are chirping away.
Jeremy… Odd and Aelita
are going out with each other.
What? Oh, it's you, Ulrich.
Awful joke. Anyway, what's the time?
What's the story? You've given up sleeping
in a bed, or what?
Well, I was trying to find a way
to send you guys into the internet
so you can track XANA.
Did you figure something out?
No.
[theme music]
[Ulrich] Just look at you.
No one's gonna vote for you.
They're not voting for a zombie
of the year but for their student rep.
[Jeremy] It's not about how you look.
It's all about what you have to say.
At least you're optimistic.
It can't hurt, I guess.
[chuckles]
Anyway, you've got one thing
going for you.
You're up against the lamest candidate
in the galaxy.
[Sissi] Now, how about giving me the smile
of a real winner.
-Hey, what's that?
-A smile of victory.
[Sissi scoffs]
-We'll never win at this rate.
-[Herb] Why don't you run, then, Sissi?
I can't! The principal's daughter
isn't allowed to be a class rep!
Therefore,
the new student rep's gonna be you
and definitely not Jeremy!
Do I make myself perfectly clear?
That's what I like to see,
a nice winner smile.
That's not a smile, Sissi.
You're crushing my kneecaps.
[Herb groaning]
[Odd] Take a copy of my platform.
Platform? But for what?
My platform.
You're looking at the next student rep.
You're running, Odd?
Why didn't you say anything?
Because surprise is the secret weapon
of my election campaign.
And the second weapon is poetry.
If you all want to have your say,
why not give the nod to good old Odd?
Hey, that's great.
I love lines that rhyme with Odd.
[both grunt]
[chuckles]
[theme music]
[Jim] I'm warning you.
Anyone tries to pull anything, detention.
You can join that smart aleck,
William Dunbar, in the study hall.
Thank you, Jim.
I think you've made yourself clear.
Roger, Suzanne.
[grunts]
I'm sorry, I mean Mrs. Hertz.
Fine. Let's not forget
what we're going to be looking for.
[Mrs. Hertz]
The purpose of our field trip today
is to witness the early effects
of pollution on our ecosystem
and especially in the forest.
Effects that might someday
mean the end of our forest
and all animal and plant life, of course.
[grunts]
Are you saying
there won't be anymore bunny rabbits,
or little birds or trees or mushrooms,
they'll all disappear?
Wow. I love that perfume.
[light music]
[Odd] And so I ask you,
why should good students
represent the bad?
Why not let a near dropout like me
speak for all the other near dropouts?
[class mumbling in agreement]
Hey, you're not smiling, Jeremy. How come?
Because I don't want to look
as dorky as you, Herb, okay?
What does Belpois and Pinchon know
about our problems?
They always get A's and B's, right?
They don't know
the fear of getting left back.
They're not capable
of defending our cause.
Bravo! Good point, Odd!
Okay, near dropouts.
It's time for all of us to take a stand!
-[overlapping conversations]
-[boy 1] Odd sure gets my vote.
[boy 2] Odd will be a great
student rep 'cause he knows what we need.
-Right. Now quiet down.
-[class clapping]
[alert sounding off]
[tense music]
[metallic rumbling]
[tense music continues]
[snoring]
[groaning]
-[tires screeching]
-[kids groaning]
-[boy] What's going on?
-[Jim] Go on, Douglas,
don't be scared. You gotta put her down
when you're in the jungle. Hey…
What's going on?
What's the matter? Are we already…
[gasps]
[tense music]
Oh, no…
[gasping]
[gasps]
[groaning]
[theme music]
In conclusion,
I promise to put lots of pretty plants
in each and every one of your classrooms.
Won't that be nice?
Yeah! Bravo! Bravo! Way to go, Herb!
Clap, stupid! Go on, go on!
I'm gonna vote for Herb, aren't you?
Your turn to bat now, Einstein.
Odd, this is not a game.
Being elected as the class rep is really
serious with lots of responsibilities.
And you don't think
I'm capable of handling them?
I never said that.
No, but that's what you're thinking.
-[phone ringing]
-Well, answer it.
It's probably some think tank
that wants your precious advice.
Hello? Yumi?
[Yumi gasping]
Jeremy!
I'm in real big trouble!
My whole bus has been Xanafied!
-Are you sure?
-[gasps]
If you don't mind, Belpois,
we're all waiting for you.
Yumi, look, I've gotta hang up.
But don't worry.
XANA's just launched an attack.
Jeremy, if you're still a candidate,
speak up.
What's your platform?
[stammers]
Well… I… I had some notes but I…
I left them back in my room.
[tense music]
I'll go… and get them.
I'll go with him.
To keep an eye on the competition.
And we better go too,
to separate them if they start fighting.
Vote for me, everyone.
I don't believe this.
[gasping]
[animal howling in distance]
[grunts]
[Jeremy] Attack confirmed.
XANA has activated a tower.
Yumi, where are you?
[Yumi] At the Red Trail crossroads.
You better hurry.
I can't hold out much longer.
-Be right there.
-Okay.
Ulrich, you head for the forest.
And we'll see what we can do
about the activated tower around Lyoko.
[grunts]
[snoring]
[gasping]
[groans]
[tense music]
[chuckling]
[sighs deeply]
[gasps]
[Jim shouting in distorted voice]
[distorted shouting]
[theme music]
[Jeremy through computer] The activated
tower is in the Forest Sector.
I'll try to get you in
as close as possible.
[Jeremy through computer]
Transfer Aelita. Transfer Odd.
Scanner Odd.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
Virtualization.
[static zapping]
[Odd] Okay. We're here Jeremy.
[Jeremy through computer]
The tower is due north.
[Jeremy] You should be able to see it
from where you are.
-[Odd] Can't miss it.
-[Jeremy] Here's your taxi.
Hop aboard! We're off.
[digital scanning, beeping]
XANA is sending you some monsters.
How original can you get.
He hates it when we're bored.
Okay, let's be polite.
We'll say hello to them first.
Hey, Odd, take care of yourself.
If anything happened to you, I wouldn't
have any competition except for Herb.
Don't worry, Einstein. I'll take care
of them and then I'll go after you.
[Odd] Laser Arrow!
Let's turn around.
[Aelita gasps]
[groans]
Aelita!
-[alert beeping]
-[gasps]
You better be careful, Aelita.
Lots of tarantulas are on the way!
[action music]
[mechanical whirring]
[both shouting]
[grunts]
You just can't stay away from me, huh?
-It looks like they can't either.
-[groans]
[tense music]
[grunts]
[birds chirping]
[groaning]
[laughing maniacally]
-[dial tone ringing]
-Come on, Yumi, pick up.
[footsteps approaching]
What are you doing here?
What are you following me for?
I heard it all. Yumi's in trouble.
I came to see if I could help.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-[Yumi screams]
Now do you know what I'm talking about?
[shouts]
I'll try to keep them busy.
As soon as the coast is clear,
head for the tower.
Okay.
[sighs]
When you gotta go…
[monsters groan]
[mechanical whirring]
[shrieking]
[Jeremy through computer]
Nice going, Odd.
[gasps]
[Jeremy through computer] Wait, Aelita!
They're still too close.
[theme music]
[Jim laughing maniacally]
Hey, that's Jim shooting lightning
out of his fingers.
Is this a nightmare or what?
William, do you want to help Yumi or not?
Then don't say anything
and do what I tell you.
[lasers blasting]
[monsters shrieking]
[alert beeping]
Aelita, go!
-[beeping]
-[Jeremy] Ulrich?
What, Jeremy?
[Jeremy through computer]
Aelita is heading for the tower.
[Jeremy] She should be shutting it down
in about five minutes.
Good, because I'm getting ready
to do something risky with William.
William? What are you and William
doing together?
Are you two guys buddies now?
[Ulrich] Nah, he's giving me a hand.
I'll explain later.
-Yeah, well…
-[Aelita] Jeremy, I've got a big problem!
[gasps]
Scyphozoa!
[Aelita through computer] But why?
It's already got all of the data Xana
needed from me. What can it want now?
I don't know, Aelita. But please don't
stick around trying to find out.
[rustling]
[gasping]
Ulrich, change in the program.
The tower's not gonna
get deactivated right away.
I guess we can't count on you guys.
How are you doing zombies?
Oh, I know I'm not welcome,
but I love strolling in the woods.
[Jim in distorted voice]
After him!
[panting]
[all grunting]
[chuckling]
[William] Yumi…
Yumi!
[gasps]
Aelita, try to hit him
with the energy field.
[Aelita gasps]
No!
[Odd through computer]
Jeremy, what's going on?
The Scyphozoa’s attacked Aelita.
Hurry, she needs your help!
I'd love to help.
But my new playmate doesn't seem to agree.
[whirring]
[monster shrieking]
I don't get it.
It looks like the Scyphozoa has implanted
something into Aelita's memory.
Almost there, Jeremy.
[wheezing]
[tense action music]
[gasps]
Aelita is alive. I don't understand.
Aelita, you gotta wake up.
It's me, Odd.
Yoohoo! Hey, come on,
you can take a nap later.
[Odd groans]
Jeremy, got a problem here.
[Odd] Something's wrong with Aelita.
[tense music]
Aelita, answer me, it's Jeremy.
Wake up, come on!
[grunts]
[tense music]
[action music]
Jeremy, what's going on?
Find your overboard, and follow Aelita!
[mechanical whirring]
But what about the tower?
[action music fades out]
[tense music]
Fifteen against one, huh?
I've been through worst.
Jeremy, what's going on with the tower?
I'm back and ready to go but it's Ulrich
who's in trouble this time!
There's only a slim chance
of deactivating the tower right away.
-[Yumi through headset] How slim?
-To be honest, none at all.
[gasps]
Ready to fight, William?
[inhales, nods]
[groaning in pain]
[Yumi] Yoohoo!
[distorted voice] Grab that girl!
[William] Banzai!
[grunts]
[Jim] Go after him, right now!
-[Yumi whistles]
-[Jim grunts]
-[Yumi shouts]
-[groans]
[Ulrich gasps]
[action music]
You taught us
that wood doesn't conduct electricity!
[Mrs. Hertz grunts]
Can you hear me, Odd? What's going on?
I got the feeling that Aelita is heading
for the way tower.
Just what we needed.
[mechanical whirring]
[groaning]
Aelita?
[echoing beeps]
[ethereal music]
[digital typing, beeping]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[Odd] What is going on?
[Aelita gasps]
Odd… what happened to me?
[grunts]
I'll tell you about it later.
[Odd] Right now, let's run for it!
What's happening now?
The sector's disappearing!
Rematerialize us!
[alert beeping]
[groaning]
[growling]
-[dramatic music]
-[Yumi and Ulrich groaning]
[Jeremy through computer]
The activated tower!
[gasps]
-[Yumi groans]
-Are you okay?
William's not in great shape.
Jeremy, did you manage
to get the tower deactivated?
I didn't. It deactivated itself
because the forest sector
is in the process of disappearing.
[Yumi and Ulrich] What?
[both panting]
-[Odd] Jeremy, hurry!
-[both screaming]
[Jeremy] Rematerialization.
[Odd shouting]
I don't know what happened.
Well, for one thing,
it was a pretty close call.
Otherwise, I don't know what happened
either. But I'm sure Einstein can tell us.
[all moaning]
[Jim and Mrs. Hertz groaning]
[Yumi] Look over there.
That moss must be the result of pollution!
-[Jim grunts]
-I love science field trips.
[door creaks]
[snoring]
Okay, nap time,
but don't you dare dream about Yumi.
[gasps]
Wow.
What a nightmare!
[Jeremy] It's no use.
The Forest Sector doesn't exist anymore.
XANA has totally wiped it off the map.
If only I hadn't gone into that way tower
and if only I hadn't punched in that code.
Don't you see? XANA used you, Aelita.
He launched an attack
just to lure us to Lyoko.
But why would he do that?
If the surface sectors disappear, we won't
be able to get to Sector Five anymore.
You mean that XANA's gonna destroy
all the sectors?
[Jeremy] He sure is.
If only I could find a way
to materialize you
directly into Sector Five.
Looks like I've got plenty of work ahead.
Well, it's a good thing
I'm not gonna get elected class rep.
How do you know that?
Easy, 'cause we're all gonna vote for you.
[Mr. Fumet] And your newly elected
class representative is…
Odd Della Robbia!
[cheering]
Nicolas!
Don't tell me that you voted for Odd too!
[grunts]
Yeah.
Take that grin off your face, dorkhead!
[student 1] Odd, now that
you're our class rep…
[student 2]
You think you can get me out of gym class?
[Odd] Hey! Cool it, calm down!
One at a time, okay?
[theme music]